Release v1.3.4 (#1777)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/optional-settings.md

---

## BRANDING_PREPENDED_FILENAME

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

_Added in version 1.3.4_

```

Default: `"nautobot_"`

Environment Variable: `NAUTOBOT_BRANDING_PREPENDED_FILENAME`

> Defines the initial pre-pended portion of a filename for for export to CSV/YAML or export templates.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the prefix of the filename when exporting to CSV/YAML or export templates.

---

```

---

## SANITIZER_PATTERNS

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

_Added in version 1.3.4_

```
